# Penney Game
Penney's game is a game that involves two players tossing a coin until a sequence appears. 
The two players chose, before tossing the coin, one sequence each of Head and Tails  with lenght 3 (for example: "Head, Head, Tails" chosen by player 1 and "Tails, Head, Tails" chosen by player 2). It is important to know that choices are ordered and that information is complete (player 1 chose a sequence, then player 2, knowing the sequence chosen by player 1, chose another sequence. Player 1 knows that player 2 knows player 1 sequence, player 2 knows that player 1 knows that player 2 knows player 1 sequence etc...). 
The game is intransitive, which means that, even if probability to toss Head or Tails is 50%, player 2 can always chose a sequence that will happen with more probability than the sequence chosen by player 1, it doesn't matter which sequence is chosen by player 1. That means that, if I represent all the possible sequences in a graph, and I know which node is an absorbing trap (sequence chosen by player 1), I can always find another absorbing trap with more probability to happen before the other absorbing trap. 
It is possible to define a number called "intransitiveness", that measures how much the game is "unfair". If intransitiveness is >0 it means that the player 2 has an advantage, if intransitiveness is <0 it means that player 1 has an advantage. Intransitiveness change with loaded coins (probability to toss Tails different from 50%). The goal of the simulation is to find out the intransitiveness function with respect to probability and to find out if there are ways to load the coins in order to have a fair game (intransitiveness=0). The intransitiveness can be written as,
$$\sigma = min_{i=1,...,N}[max_{j=1,...,N}V_{ij}]-\frac{1}{2}$$
where $V_{ij}$ is the victory matrix.
It is possible to play also a simplified version of Penney's Game, where the sequence has lenght 2 instead of 3. What's interesting is that in this case the game is transitive for a 0.5 probability to toss a T, while for the classic Penney's game the game is intransitive. 
It's also interesting to notice the different shape of the two intransitiveness functions, that is counterintuitive.
